Create a program called number guesser.
There will be a secret number that is set at the start of the program without any user input.
The secret number should be picked from a certain range.
The range of the number should be output to the player.
The player should be prompted to enter his guess.
The prompt should show how many guesses the player has left.
The player will then enter his guess.
If the guess is too high then the game will output that the guess was too high.
If the guess was too low then the game will output that it was too low.
The player only has a certain number of guesses.
The number of guesses should be based on the range of the secret number.
Any wrong guess will decrement the number of guesses left.
The game ends by saying what the secret number was regardless of if the player guessed the right number.
When the game is over, the player should be prompted if he would like to play again.
If yes then the secret number should change.
Any input errors by the player should have proper handling.


Gameplay:

we need a variable that stores the secret number

	We need a to set a range: 0 to 100

	We need to set a variable stating how many guesses the player has left

	we need to set a variable that will store the players guess

	number of guesses will be the log base 2 of the upper range

	how do we change the secret number?

	
	do{
		Play the game
	
	}while(Want to play again)


	Play the game:

		1. set the secret number - a known value
		2. set the number of guesses - > log2(100)

	do{
	
		3. Prompt the user to make a guess(out put the number of guesses left)
		4. get the guesses from the player
		5. check to see if the guess is equal to the secret number
		i. if the guess is incorrect
		a) decrement the number of guesses left
		b) check to see if if the guess was higher or lower than the secret number
			- if higher, then print that the guess was to high
			-if lower, print that the guess was low
	}
	while(the game is not over)
	
	Display the result - tell the player if he go it or not.
	
	Functions:


	Play the game -> PlayGame();

	RestartGame->WantToPlayAgain();

	Get the guesses from the player ->GetGuess();

	this is not over -> IsGameOver();
	- When the number of tries reachs 0	

	Display results-> DisplayResults();
	
	if (the player got it)	{
	
	print that they got the number

}	
else {

	print that they did not get it and display the secret number
}















